And one for you, McFly; I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickel's worth of free advice, young man. This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous. He's a real nutcase. You hang around with him, you're gonna end up in big trouble.
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
Spaghetti or not, here I come
All my possessions for a moment of time.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed.
if you’ve never been through a matter transference beam before you’ve probably lost some salt and protein. The beer you had should have cushioned your system a bit.
I just want to let you know that I might let you consider being with me.
Oh, I'm very comfortable with my sexuality, I just don't want to be slapped in the face with their sexuality.
Don't be so gullible, McFly. Got the place fixed up nice, though, McFly.
Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn.
I don't understand how people live. It's amazing to me that people wake up every morning and say: 'Yeah, another day, let's do it.' How do people do it? I don't know how
Does nobody understand?
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn’t mean we all have.
I won't enjoy it.
I've just had an unhappy love affair, so I don't see why anybody else should have a good time.
Will, there's something you should know: Sometimes... parents just don't understand.
Ugh, OK, well the button on the side, is it glowing?... Yeah, you need to turn it on. Erm, the button turns it on. Yeah, you... you do know how a button works don't you? No, not on clothes.
Oh, that's Joey. He cries when we take him out so we just leave him in there.
May the Force be with you.
Not understanding that you're a horrible person doesn't make you less of a horrible person
Well, this is certainly a pleasant surprise.
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, Oh God, I'm so depressed.
If they don’t keep exercising their lips, he thought, their brains start working.
What kind of idiot picks a password no one can guess?
I'm sorry for your loss. Move on.
Take that, you mutated son of a bitch!
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
You know what the problem is with everybody? They all just want to hear what they already believe. No one ever wants to hear the truth
One! Two! Three!
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
I wish you'd just tell me rather trying to engage my enthusiasm, because I haven't got one.
In the beginning, the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
Ashley, look how much you've grown! Hilary, look how much you've grown! Carlton... hi.
Did you notice how she didn't even get excited when she saw this original ZX81?
No wonder your president has to be an actor. He's gotta look good on television.
What we've got here is failure to communicate.
For a lot of people, life is just one long, hard kick in the urethra
I don't know.
If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
There's only one life-form as intelligent as me within thirty parsecs of here and that's me.
Earth: Mostly Harmless
In west Philadelphia born and raised, on the playground was where I spent most of my days.
You wouldn't shoot a Policeman and then steal his helmet. You wouldn't go to the toilet in his helmet, and then send it to the Policeman's grieving widow, and then steal it again. Downloading films is stealing; if you do it you WILL face the consequences!
It's gonna be really hard waiting 30 years before I can talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.
It's stopped.
No story lives unless someone wants to listen. The stories we love best do live in us forever. So whether you come back by page or by the big screen, Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home.
My brother, you wanna take this outside?!?
An ill wind is blowing. Last night I was stirred from my slumber by a crow calling three times. Caw... caw... well you know what a crow sounds like. Passing to my window, I trod on a piece of lego. Oh, it went right in the heel. Turning on my television set, I noticed the reception wasn't great. Not terrible, just not great. Hear me well, no good can come of your trip to the theatre tonight, no good at all. And if you ask me... That's just bloody rude. Where's my Heat?
Ah, Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein!
Yes, I ate all the muffins, because I have no self-control and I hate myself
Van Halen!
Curiously enough, the only thing that went through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was Oh no, not again.
The system doesn't work. You have to blow the door down. Looks to me like you forgot that.
Whoa. This is heavy.
Dead on the inside, dead on the outside
I'll be in Hell before you start breakfast! Let her rip!
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Oh, please, Vivian. You'd believe that boy if he told you that he was a big rap star whose album just went platinum.
I'm a 32 year old IT consultant who works in the basement. Yes, I do the whole lonely hearts thing.
So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.
All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my closeup.
I need to go take a shower so I can't tell if I'm crying or not
You sort of start thinking anything’s possible if you’ve got enough nerve.
Well, you know, because guys grow beards and some women don't.
Didn't know what a stress machine as this morning, and now we have two of them.
All right. This is an oldie, but, uh... well, it's an oldie where I come from.
No comment.
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
But Mr. Dent, the plans have been available in the local planning office for the last nine months.
Mirror, mirror, on the wall, Jean Claude Van Damn, I'm fine!
You want me to open it. That's why you called me all the way up here, to open your laptop?
You caused 300 bucks damage to my car, you son of a bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass.
That's the problem with life, either you know what you want and you don't get what you want, or you get what you want and then you don't know what you want
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
Life? Don't talk to me about life.
Hurt me, hurt me! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What's up, baby?
I only know one woman and she just left the room shouting 'The shoes!'
Well, you're safe and sound now, back in good old 1955.
It gets easier. But you have to do it every day, that's the hard part. But it does get easier
That was the best ice-cream soda I ever tasted.
After all this time? Always.
Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they tell me to take you up to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? 'Cos I don't.
Go, Will! Go, Will! Go, Will!
I came here to drink milk and kick ass. And I've just finished my milk.
I'm from the future. I came here in a Time Machine that you invented. Now I need your help to get back to the year 1985.
Here's looking at you, kid.
If you care about what other people think, you're never gonna do anything
Tape Seinfeld for me.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
I'm definitely gonna miss you, C.
Ah! The IT-department. Run by a dynamic go-getter, a genius and a man from Ireland.
I noticed your band is on the roster for the dance auditions after school today. Why even bother, McFly? You don't have a chance. You're too much like your old man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley!
Goodnight, my darlings, I'll see you tomorrow.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
He was staring at the instruments with the air of one who is trying to convert Fahrenheit to centigrade in his head while his house is burning down.
Listen, Alistair, I just wanted to say, I'm not a window cleaner. No, no, I work in IT. Yeah, yeah, with computers and all that. Macs? No, I just really work with Windows. Hello?
Beer before liquor, never sicker, liquor before beer, never fear, don't do heroine
I love you.
I exploit people everyday, but it's Thanksgiving so I'm taking a day off.
If this evening is going to work in any way, you need to pretend to be normal people, yeah? Keep the conversation about things that would interest everybody. You know, nothing about memory, or RAM.
Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instant the lightning strikes the tower... everything will be fine.
Do you want me to come with you?
Don’t Panic
I so rarely have a woman scream my name. I was rather enjoying it.
Now, let's see what we have here. 'Stand upright.' Well now I can't read it. Oh, not me. I AM a giddy goat.
Look, Marvin, you gotta play. See, that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance. If they can't dance, they can't kiss. If they can't kiss they can't fall in love, and I'm history.
You talking to me?
I went the distance.
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if only one remembers to turn on the light.
Parts of the inside of her head screamed at other parts of the inside of her head.
I'm young and I'm restless. And I've only got one life to live, so I've got to follow my guiding light and search for tomorrow.
Oh... morning. Oh my word. When did the English start drinking like that? You people drink like you don't want to live.
Great Scott!
Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
Harry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! This pain is part of being human...the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.
And then of course I've got this terrible pain in all the diodes down my left side.
Would I blow everyone's mind if I ate dessert first?
Jesus, George, it was a wonder I was even born.
You're a wizard, Harry.
It seemed to me that any civilization that had so far lost its head as to need to include a set of detailed instructions for use in a packet of toothpicks, was no longer a civilization in which I could live and stay sane.
I guess I can kiss heaven goodbye because it has got to be sin to look this good.
Hello? What? Well if you can't work as a team you're all fired. That's it, you heard me, fired! Get your things and go. Hello, security? Everyone on floor 4 is fired. Escort them from the premises. And do it as a team. Remember, you're a team and if you can't act as a team, you're fired too. Dom, get on to recruitment. Get them to look for a security team that can work as a team. They may have to escort the current security team from the building for not acting like a team.
I can't believe you'd loan me your car without telling me it had a blind spot. I could've been killed!
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
Is it not meningitis?
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
Girl, if God created anything less beautiful than you, I hope He kept it for Himself.
Jen, if this needle goes past here, you're fired. Does that make you feel stressed at all? Does it? Jen? Are you sure? Jen? Does it? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure?
Hey, McFly! I thought I told you never to come in here.
Ow, crap. I hate this. Running is terrible. Everything is the worst
That's good. Go on, read some more.
Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
You think you've got problems? What are you supposed to do if you are a manically depressed robot? No, don't try to answer that. I'm fifty thousand times more intelligent than you and even I don't know the answer. It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, now, baby, I noticed you noticing me and I just want to put you on notice that I noticed you too.
This flipping circuit board, Jen. Some chump has run the data lines right through the power supply. Amateur hour! I've got tears in my eyes!
Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear?
I want your bunk!
Let's go get some barbecue and get busy.
Yes! Yesterday's jam. That is what we are to them! Actually, that doesn't work as a thing, because, you know, jam lasts for ages.
Let's see if you bastards can do 90.
I love you too, honey. Good luck with your show.
Words are in my not-so-humble opinion, the most inexhaustible form of magic we have, capable both of inflicting injury and remedying it.
Looks like you eat here often.
I used to work as a waiter. If anyone was ever rude to me, I used to carry their food around in my trousers.
Look, you're not gonna be picking a fight, Dad... Dad-Dad-Daddy-O.
Whatever your tastes, Magrathea can cater for you. We are not proud.
I don't think they even heard me.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Opera? I thought she said Oprah.
Weight has nothing to do with it.
there’s an infinite number of monkeys outside who want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they’ve worked out.
There's a beautiful woman talking to me, but I don't expect you to understand that!
I forgot something.
Well, it's got ceiling-to-floor doors, and wall-to-wall floors.
Okay, thank you. That's enough. Hold it now. Hold it. Hold it, fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Bring in the next group, please.
The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead
Hurrah for anarchy! This is the happiest moment of my life.
...they discovered only a small asteroid inhabited by a solitary old man who claimed repeatedly that nothing was true, though he was later discovered to be lying.
Carlton, I think you've been deprived of oxygen at birth.
They're fairly regular the beatings, yes. I'd say we're on a Bi-weekly beating
You know, Marty, you look so familiar to me. Do I know your mother?
I am confound.
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now.
Well, someone has her rude hat on tonight.
Ah, well, prepare to put mustard on those words, for you will soon be consuming them along with this slice of humble pie that comes direct from the oven of shame set at gas mark 'egg on your face'! I sort of forget what I was talking about.
I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available in every corner drugstore, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by.
We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are.
Hello, IT. Ya ha? Have you tried forcing an unexpected reboot?
Hey, come on. I had to change. Do you think I'm going back in that-that zoot suit? The old man really came through. It worked!
EARTHQUAKE!
Anyway, your Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, and my heart just went out to him.
Am I dying, or is this my birthday?
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws.
Well you're so ugly that...uuhh...baby, you so fine.
You best put seat belts on your ears, Roy, 'cause I'm going to take them for the ride of their life!
He's a Peeping Tom!
According to the legends, the Magratheans lived most of their lives underground.
Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?
Strike the tent.
They’ve got as much sex appeal as a road accident.
Oh look, Richmond's still alive.
Well, I figured, what the hell?
We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled.
Fire. Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to inform you of a fire that has broken out on the premises of 123 Cavendon Road... no, that's too formal. Fire - exclamation mark - fire - exclamation mark - help me - exclamation mark. 123 Cavendon Road. Looking forward to hearing from you. Yours truly, Maurice Moss.
Will you open up the exit hatch, please, computer?
Might I say you rate a perfect 10 on my niftiness meter?
Yes, I believe it was Tolstoy who said... Oh, it appears we have a visitor. I'm sorry, myself and Maurice were engaged in quite a serious discussion about books and such. We didn't hear you come in.
Give me a Pepsi Free.
I'd love to get a hold of you during a blackout.
Crazy drunk driver.
I want to go home.
There's nothing sexual about it, I mean I like Roy, but I'm not 'Curious'.
Now, Biff, I want to make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.
My vocabulary did this to me. Your love will let you go on…
You know what they say: Behind every successful man is a woman... or if you want to switch positions that's okay with me, too.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads.
Girl. I know your feet must be tired 'cause you been running through my mind all day. Come 'ere!
Hello? Hello? Anybody home? Huh? Think, McFly. Think! I gotta have time to get them retyped. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting? I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen, would ya? Would ya?
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
Come on baby, I'm saying bing bang bloozy, you and me in the jacuzzi. Whassup?
No, get out of town. My mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Look, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going out with you, and I'd get the standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. I mean, look, I think the woman was born a nun.
Go ahead, make my day.
Yo whassup, Jazz?
I have your car towed all the way to your house and all you got for me is lite beer?
I finally invent something that works!
Oh, my God. They found me. I don't know how, but they found me. Run for it, Marty!
I wish I could go with you.
42
All this legal stuff won't work. The only legal phrase these people understand is 'will the defendant please rise.'
A plan. Let me put on my slightly larger glasses.
What are you looking at, butthead?
You can get anything you want at Alice's restaurant.
It's not like you've lost a pen, is it? It's so much worse. Would you like a pen? I have a spare one.
Roy, I spoke to the Elders of the Internet not one hour ago. I told them about Jen winning Employee of the Month and they were so impressed that they wanted to do whatever they could to help.
You got a real attitude problem, McFly; you're a slacker. You remind me of your father when he went here; he was a slacker, too.
I regret that I should leave this world without again beholding him.
I found that any game can be made interesting if you put some money on it.
The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car, why not do it with some style?
Carlton, come on. Just because the baby is cute doesn't mean you're not the father.
It’s wingardium leviOsa, not leviosAH.
With all due respect John, I am the head of IT and I have it on good authority that if you type 'Google' into Google, you can break the Internet. So please, no one try it, even for a joke. It's not a laughing matter. You can break the Internet.
See. the driver hooks the function by patching the system call table, so it's not safe to unload it unless another thread's about to jump in and do its stuff, and you don't want to end up in the middle of invalid memory... Hello?
That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?
Of all the rooms to burn in your uncle's home... the kitchen! Are you mad, boy?
Okay. Time circuit's on. Flux capacitor, fluxing. Engine running. All right.
I don't like goat's anything. I don't like goats being involved in any stage of the food production process.
Marty, will we ever see you again?
It’s only half completed, I’m afraid – we haven’t even finished burying the artificial dinosaur skeletons in the crust yet.
Your mouth is saying 'get out', but your eyes are saying 'get busy'.
Never been. But I've always liked the idea of the theatre. The smell of the grease, the roar of the paint. I've often thought if I hadn't ended up in computers, I would've gone into the theatre.
My equipment. That reminds me, Marty. You better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility of overload.
I do love you, by the way. I mean as much as I'm capable of loving anyone
Okay, I won't.
Don't tell me, 'cause if I know I can't say that I don't know when you get busted and Uncle Phil starts rounding up the usual suspects. And I am the usual suspects.
I hope this doesn't embarrass you, Jen, but I find the best thing to do with a new employee is to size them up with a long, hard stare...
Save the clock tower!
What is that, like the theme of this family? 'When in doubt, blame Will.'
It's a bucket of fried chicken. And it comes in a real bucket.
If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit.
Just promise me we won't do anything else with them. I want to go back to being weird. I like being weird. Weird is all I've got. That and my sweet style.
Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model. I didn't have time to build it to scale or paint it.
Magrathea itself disappeared and its memory soon passed into the obscurity of legend. In these enlightened days, of course, no one believes a word of it.
Hit the road, you little tramp!
On the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.
Who's President of the United States in 1985? Ronald Reagan? The actor? Ha! Then whose vice president? Jerry Lewis?
Well, I'm the boss... Head Honcho. El Numero Uno. Mr. Big. The Godfather. Lord of the Rings. The Bourne... Identity. Er... Taxi Driver. Jaws. I forgot the question quite a while back. Who are you, again?
OK, lady! You've won this round! But we can wait. You will slip up one day. And believe you me, we will be there when you do. There will be some piece of evidence that will prove without any shadow of a doubt that you don't know anything about computers!
If I keep the motorcycle, I'm a pimp. If I give it back, I'm a damn fool. Oh, well, pimp it is!
Scram, McFly. I'm cuttin' in.
Between you and the humpty dance, I'll have to get a metal plate on my butt.
Why are you speaking in that weird voice? When did...? I don't remember this conversation AT ALL.
Oh, don't worry, Carlton, we're all uncomfortable with your nudity.
What if I send in the tape and they don't like it? I mean, what if they say I'm no good? What if they say 'Get outta here, kid. You got no future'? I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm starting to sound like my old man!
You've heard of the Batmobile, get a load of the Rapmobile!
Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.
He laid out Biff in one punch. I didn't know he had it in him. He's never stood up to Biff in his life!
I love a woman who's hard to get.
Well, if someone called me a 'big, ugly builder', I'd be furious - and not just because I'm actually an IT consultant. Revenge, that would be uppermost on my mind: 'I'm going to wee on everything. I'm going to taint her abode. I'm going to strain my personal potatoes throughout her premises.'
Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far the eye could see. Old man Peabody owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.
Yes, it's tough, but not as tough as doing comedy.
Team! Team, team, team, team, team! I even love saying the word 'team'. You probably think that's a picture of my family. Uh uh. It's the A-Team! Bodie, Doyle, Tiger, the Jewellery Man.
We're the, uh... We're the Pinheads.
Nice screensaver. I love the way the smoke seems to be coming off the top of it...
Oh. One other thing. If you guys ever have kids, and one of them, when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug... go easy on him.
What happens to us in the future? Do we become assholes or something?
So, what brings you to my lair? Not that I'm some sort of animal. Or, or maybe I am.
Since you're new here, I-I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?
Oh, Geoffrey, I'm gonna miss you. Oh, we have to have a special going away dinner for you. What do you wanna make?
I'll just put it here with the rest of the fire.
That's the sort of place this is, Jen. A lot of sexy people, not doing much work and having affairs!
Next saturday night we're sending you back to the future!
Will is not a coat that you hang in the closet then pick it up when you're ready to wear it! His life goes on! He's not supposed to be there for you, you're supposed to be there for him!
Evolution? they said to themselves, Who needs it?
Balloons explode, Jen. They explode suddenly, and unexpectedly. They are filled with the capacity to give me a little fright, and I find that unbearable.
No! Marty! We've already agreed that having information about the future can be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, it can backfire drastically!
Sarcasm? Whatever do you mean?
Word up. This is gonna be cold, stupid on the serious tip.
Miss Hilary, you can't go through life quitting everything. You never achieve anything unless you stick with something.
I've never seen purple underwear before!
Girl, you look so good, I would marry your brother just to get in your family.
That must be jam, 'cause jelly don't shake like that.
Courage is being the way you are no matter what anybody says about you. Will teases me, but you don't see me goin' 'Yo, yo, yo, homey, yo.'
Any time you see a white guy in jail, you know he did something bad.
Hello darling...NO photographs!
Hello, IT. Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Ah... Are you telling me that you built a time machine... out of a DeLorean?
Need some help with your African-American studies? We can go to my place and let freedom ring.
Why are you giving me the secret signal to shut up?
Even if that were true, it's just not in their nature to learn how to use a ladder! They have wings! When a moth thinks about travelling vertically upwards, a ladder is just the last thing they would think of! Moss, I don't like to be negative about it, but everything you invent is worthless!
What-what the hell is a gigawatt?
Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!
Well, don't take this the wrong way, but could he have thought you were a man?
Stella! Another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car! Come on out here! Help me take him in the house!
Yes. Yes. I'm George. George McFly. I'm your density. I mean, your destiny.
I'm from Philly. We had to save up to be poor.
Maybe I sometimes say things that are selfish and self-centered, but that's who I am, dammit.
Calm down, Marty. I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of both Einstein and the car are completely intact.
No! It requires something with a little more kick...plutonium!
Carlton, skiing is for white guys named Sven, and O.J. Simpson.
Last night, Darth Vader came down from Planet Vulcan and told me that if I didn't take Lorraine out, that he'd melt my brain.
Calvin? Wh... Why do you keep calling me Calvin?
My situation does not define who I am. I define who I am.
Now, remember. According to my theory, you interfered with your parents' first meeting. If they don't meet, they won't fall in love, they won't get married and they won't have kids. That's why your older brother's disappearing from that photograph. Your sister will follow, and unless you repair the damage, you'll be next.
I g-guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.
Ashley, if you found out the only person in the world who would go out with was mentally deranged, you'd go to bed too.
I had a horrible nightmare. I dreamed that I went... back in time. It was terrible.
I always knew Will was gonna be the downfall of this family, but no one ever listens to me.
Yes, there is. I am sick of my things going walkabout. With this picture, everyone knows that a certain Mr Moss might be looking for his cup.
You're late! Do you have no concept of time?
You want a Pepsi, pal, you're gonna pay for it.
All I see is you guys getting a fancy ride, a fancy ride in a free car.
My middle name is ready. No, that doesn't sound right. I eat ready for breakfast.
No, no, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need.
Whoa. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you trying to tell me that my mother has got the hots for me?
What about all that talk about screwing up future events? The space-time continuum?
The appropriate question is, 'when the hell are they?' You see, Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler! I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at precisely 1:21 a.m. and zero seconds, we shall catch up with him and the time machine.
He's an absolute dream!
Lorraine. My density has brought me to you.
There's that word again. 'Heavy.' Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
Yeah, well, history is gonna change.
Since when can weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future?
I don't know if it's the loss of blood or the melting plastic from the monitor, but I feel great!
He's an idiot. Comes from upbringing. His parents are probably idiots, too. Lorraine, you ever have a kid who acts that way, I'll disown you.
Happy.
Damn! I'm late for school!
Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, or anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.
Dear Dr. Brown. On the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.
See you in about 30 years.
Hey, hey, listen, guys... Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?
Oh, it's just water. Sometimes I get a hot ear, and this helps cool it down. She is quite the oddball.
Look! There's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.
No way. Dude's got a gun. Next thing you know, I got six warning shots in my back.
I'm gonna get that son of a bitch.
Hey, Dad! George! Hey, you on the bike!
You really think I ought to swear?
If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.
Maybe you were adopted.
Perfect! My experiment worked! They're all exactly 25 minutes slow!
Hey, Biff, get a load of this guy's life preserver. Dork thinks he's gonna drown.
It's already mutated into human form! Shoot it!
Silence, Earthling. My name is Darth Vader. I am an extraterrestrial from the planet Vulcan!
Biff. What a character. Always trying to get away with something. I've had to stay on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him...
Oh, honey, he's teasing you. Nobody has two television sets.
Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Dr. Emmett Brown, McFly?
Course! From a group of Lybian Nationalists They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn I gave them a shiny bomb caseing full of used pinball machine parts!
I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy!
Radiation suit? Of course. 'Cause of all the fallout from the atomic wars.
This is all wrong. I don't know what it is. But when I kiss you, it's like I'm kissing... my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?
Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.
Shut up, do what I tell you, I'm not interested; these are just some of the things you'll be hearing if you answer this ad. I'm an idiot and I don't care about anyone but myself. P.S. No dogs!
Stand tall, boy. Have some respect for yourself. Don't you know, if you let people walk over you now, they'll be walking over you for the rest of your life. Look at me. You think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?
See you later, Pop. Whoo! Time to change that oil.